SAAS-19516-Update-Azure-Client-Cert-Enabled (#683)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/appservice/client-certificates-enabled.md

1. Log into the Microsoft Azure Management Console.
2. Select the "Search resources, services, and docs" option at the top and search for App Services. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/client-certificates-enabled/step2.png"/>
3. Select the "App Services" by clicking on the "Name" link to access the configuration changes.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/client-certificates-enabled/step3.png"/>
4. On left navigation panel that opens, click on Configuration tab.</br <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/client-certificates-enabled/step4.png"/>

> 5. Select General settings tab on the Configuration page that opens. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/client-certificates-enabled/step5.png"/>

Author: ```suggestion
5. Select General settings tab on the Configurations page. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/client-certificates-enabled/step5.png"/>
```
